capital = 803

oob = "AUS"

add_coalition_paternal_autocrat = yes
add_coalition_market_liberal = yes
add_coalition_authoritarian_democrat = yes

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.36
set_war_support = 0.12

country_lock_all_division_template = yes

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "AUS_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "AUS_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	AUS_treaty_of_saint_germain
	AUS_at_the_edges_of_revolution
	parliamentary_republic
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_conservative
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    vanguardist = 4
    collectivist = 4
    libertarian_socialist = 4
    social_democrat = 26
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 24
    authoritarian_democrat = 5
    paternal_autocrat = 6
    national_populist = 8
    valkist = 8
}

recruit_character = AUS_Wilhelm_Miklas
recruit_character = AUS_Otto_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_Julius_Raab
recruit_character = AUS_Karl_Renner
recruit_character = AUS_Hermann_Reschny
recruit_character = AUS_Otto_Bauer
recruit_character = AUS_Hermann_Foppa
recruit_character = AUS_Theodor_Korner
recruit_character = AUS_Ludwig_Hulgerth
recruit_character = AUS_Karl_Eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_Ludwig_von_Eimannsberger
recruit_character = AUS_Ernst_Rudiger_Starhemberg
recruit_character = AUS_Engelbert_Dollfuss
recruit_character = AUS_Kurt_Schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_Johann_Koplenig
recruit_character = AUS_Ernst_Fischer
recruit_character = AUS_Julius_Deutsch
recruit_character = AUS_Alfred_Ritter_von_Hubicki
recruit_character = AUS_Alfred_Jansa
recruit_character = AUS_Wilhelm_Zehner
recruit_character = AUS_Friedrich_Materna
recruit_character = AUS_Alexander_Lohr
recruit_character = AUS_Lothar_Rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_Julius_Ringel
recruit_character = AUS_Franz_Bohme
recruit_character = AUS_Rudolf_Ramek
recruit_character = AUS_Erhard_Raus
recruit_character = AUS_Egon_Berger_Waldenegg
recruit_character = AUS_Emil_Fey
recruit_character = AUS_Karl_Gruber
recruit_character = AUS_Julius_Yllam
recruit_character = AUS_Vinzenz_Schumy
recruit_character = AUS_Odo_Neustadter_Sturmer
recruit_character = AUS_Friedl_Furnberg
recruit_character = AUS_Ludwig_Draxler
recruit_character = AUS_Johann_Bohm
recruit_character = AUS_Franz_Sabek
recruit_character = AUS_Paul_Richter
recruit_character = AUS_Oscar_Pollak
recruit_character = AUS_Leopold_Kunschak
recruit_character = AUS_Viktor_Kienbock
recruit_character = AUS_Erwin_Zucker_Schilling
recruit_character = AUS_Hans_Zessner_Spitzenberg
recruit_character = AUS_Friedrich_Wiesner
recruit_character = AUS_Viktor_Dankl_von_Krasnik
recruit_character = AUS_Eugen_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_Peter_Ferdinand_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_Maximilian_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_Georg_von_Trapp
recruit_character = AUS_Joseph_August_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_Karl_Albrecht_von_Habsburg
recruit_character = UKR_Wilhelm_Franz_von_Habsburg_Lorithgen
recruit_character = AUS_Stjepan_Sarkotic


activate_advisor = AUS_Engelbert_Dollfuss_hog_sco
activate_advisor = AUS_Engelbert_Dollfuss_for_sco
activate_advisor = AUS_Viktor_Kienbock_eco_sco
activate_advisor = AUS_Rudolf_Ramek_sec_sco

# whyyyy just make 2 for loops not this many :badqualitywtf:
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = AUS }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = HUN }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = CZE }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = SLO }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = SLV }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = BOS }
add_to_array =  { AUS.tags_to_highlight = CRO }

for_each_scope_loop = {
	array = AUS.tags_to_highlight
	for_each_scope_loop = {
		array = THIS.core_states
		if = { 
			limit = {
				if = {
					limit = { PREV = { exists = yes } }
					is_owned_and_controlled_by = PREV
				} else = { always = yes }
			}
			add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = THIS }
		}
	}
}

add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 39 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 774 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 736 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 917 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 163 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1039 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 45 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 750 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1034 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1037 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1036 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1035 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1035 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 799 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 88 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 89 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 91 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1041 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 76 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 84 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 82 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 762 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 83 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 154 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 770 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 1040 }
add_to_array = { AUS.states_to_highlight = 80 }

add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = AUS }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = HUN }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = ROM }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = POL }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = CRO }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = CZE }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = SLO }
add_to_array = { AUS.aus_hun_mechanic_tags = ITA }