capital = 608 #Beijing

oob = "FNG"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	construction1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	FNG_political_reform
	FNG_antijapanese_sentiment
	FNG_warlord_ubiquity
  CHI_backwards_economy
	CHI_illiterate_population

	military_junta
}

set_convoys = 130
set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.45

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 0
  libertarian_socialist = 8
  social_democrat = 0
  social_liberal = 0
  market_liberal = 14
  social_conservative = 12
  authoritarian_democrat = 46
  paternal_autocrat = 9
  national_populist = 11
  valkist = 0
}

KMT = { embargo_ROOT = yes }
ZHI = { embargo_ROOT = yes }

set_variable = { FNG_fengtian_influence_with_japan = 0 }
country_event = { id = man.48 days = 6 }
country_event = { id = man.82 days = 4 }

recruit_character = FNG_Tang_Hualong
recruit_character = FNG_Tang_Shaoyi
recruit_character = FNG_TV_Soong
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Zuolin
recruit_character = FNG_Cao_Rulin
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Zongchang
recruit_character = FNG_Feng_Zhanhai
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Haipeng
recruit_character = FNG_Ma_Zhanshan
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Jinghui
recruit_character = FNG_Su_Bingwen
recruit_character = FNG_Liu_Zhennian
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Council
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Xueliang
recruit_character = FNG_Chang_Yonghui
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Shixi
recruit_character = FNG_Local_Warlords
recruit_character = FNG_Interim_Government
recruit_character = FNG_Ruan_Zhenduo
recruit_character = FNG_Yang_Yuting
recruit_character = FNG_Liang_Shiyi
recruit_character = FNG_Chen_Jiongming
recruit_character = FNG_Huang_Fu
recruit_character = FNG_Jin_Yunpeng
recruit_character = FNG_Wang_Yitang
recruit_character = FNG_Yu_Zhishan
recruit_character = FNG_Wu_Jinglian
recruit_character = FNG_Sun_Qichang
recruit_character = FNG_Wang_Yintai
recruit_character = FNG_Li_Shaogeng
recruit_character = FNG_Lu_Ronghuan
recruit_character = FNG_Pan_Fu
recruit_character = FNG_Tang_Yulin
recruit_character = FNG_Yuan_Jinkai
recruit_character = FNG_Ding_Jianxiu
recruit_character = FNG_Zhou_Ziqi
recruit_character = FNG_Wu_Junsheng
recruit_character = FNG_Zang_Shiyi
recruit_character = FNG_Cao_Linsheng
recruit_character = FNG_Wang_Chengzhi
recruit_character = FNG_Wen_Yingxing
recruit_character = FNG_Zou_Zuohua
recruit_character = FNG_Bao_Wenyue
recruit_character = FNG_Wan_Fulin
recruit_character = FNG_Zhang_Zuoxiang
recruit_character = FNG_Xu_Zuyi
recruit_character = FNG_Shen_Honglie
recruit_character = FNG_Yin_Tsuo_chien
recruit_character = FNG_Jiang_Xiyuan
recruit_character = FNG_Meng_Tieqiao
recruit_character = FNG_Xie_Gangzhe
recruit_character = FNG_Gao_Zhihang
recruit_character = FNG_Li_Guidan
recruit_character = FNG_Liu_Cuigang
recruit_character = FNG_Tong_Yanbo

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = FNG_Zhang_Zuolin_hog_ade
activate_advisor = FNG_Wu_Jinglian_for_ade
activate_advisor = FNG_Pan_Fu_eco_ade
activate_advisor = FNG_Tang_Yulin_sec_pau