capital = 43

oob = "HUN"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.45

country_event = { id = hun.42 days = 14 random_days = 14 } 

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "HUN_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "HUN_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = {
    NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank = 1
    basic_light_tank = 1
  }
}
if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = national_populist
	last_election = "1920.1.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 2
  collectivist = 7
  libertarian_socialist = 2
  social_democrat = 9
  social_liberal = 3
  market_liberal = 7
  social_conservative = 14
  authoritarian_democrat = 6
  paternal_autocrat = 16
  national_populist = 28
  valkist = 6
}

add_ideas = {
	hun_trianon
	hun_economic_ruin_1
	disarmed_nation
	parliamentary_republic
}

recruit_character = HUN_Ivan_Hejjas
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kun
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Bethlen
recruit_character = HUN_Oszkar_Jaszi
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Horthy
recruit_character = HUN_Denes_Mihaly
recruit_character = HUN_Gyorgy_Jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_Dezso_Szentgyorgyi
recruit_character = HUN_Gyorgy_Debrody
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Szalasi
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Feketehalmy_Czeydner
recruit_character = HUN_Geza_Lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_Ivan_Hindy
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Veress
recruit_character = HUN_Vilmos_Nagy_de_Nagybaczon
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Hennyey
recruit_character = HUN_Andras_Littay
recruit_character = HUN_Matyas_Rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_Mano_Buchinger
recruit_character = HUN_Albrecht_von_Habsburg_Teschen
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Miklos
recruit_character = HUN_Dome_Sztojay
recruit_character = HUN_Dezso_Laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_Szilard_Bakay
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Jany
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Bartha
recruit_character = HUN_Kocsard_Janky
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Rajk
recruit_character = HUN_Arpad_Szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Rassay
recruit_character = HUN_Endre_Bajcsy_Zsilinszky
recruit_character = HUN_Zoltan_Tildy
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Keresztes_Fischer
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Bardossy
recruit_character = HUN_Erik_Molnar
recruit_character = HUN_Moric_Esterhazy
recruit_character = HUN_Rattkay_Radich_Kalman
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Gratz
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Imredy
recruit_character = HUN_Antal_Kunder
recruit_character = HUN_Tihamer_Fabinyi
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Rajniss
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Hubay
recruit_character = HUN_Emil_Kovarcz
recruit_character = HUN_Matolcsy_Matyas
recruit_character = HUN_Gabor_Vajna
recruit_character = HUN_Jeno_Ratz
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Peyer
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Propper
recruit_character = HUN_Jeno_Varga
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Ries
recruit_character = HUN_Vince_Nagy
recruit_character = HUN_Antal_Rainprecht
recruit_character = HUN_Zoltan_Horvath
recruit_character = HUN_Rusztem_Vambery
recruit_character = HUN_Pal_Kiss
recruit_character = HUN_Dezso_Sulyok
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kovacs
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Walko
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Cziegler
recruit_character = HUN_Vilmos_Roder
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Voros
recruit_character = HUN_Hugo_Sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_Henrik_Werth
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Shvoy
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Csatay_de_Csataj
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Hardy
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Ternegg_Ratz
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Tomor
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Szentnemedy
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Festetics
recruit_character = HUN_Fidel_Palffy

HUN_Fidel_Palffy = { retire = yes }

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = HUN_Bela_Imredy_hog_pau
activate_advisor = HUN_Laszlo_Bardossy_for_pau
activate_advisor = HUN_Antal_Kunder_eco_pau
activate_advisor = HUN_Gabor_Vajna_sec_npo









