capital = 439

oob = "RAJ"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "RAJ_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "RAJ_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	colonial_government
}

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.42
set_war_support = 0.22

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK # British Raj

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 5
  libertarian_socialist = 2
  social_democrat = 15
  social_liberal = 19
  market_liberal = 10
  social_conservative = 7
  authoritarian_democrat = 30
  paternal_autocrat = 7
  national_populist = 5
  valkist = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	RAJ_poor_conditions
	RAJ_poor_training
	RAJ_colonial_administration
	RAJ_anti_british
	RAJ_princely_states
}


recruit_character = RAJ_Lord_Linlithgow
recruit_character = RAJ_Ganga_Singh
recruit_character = RAJ_Philip_Walhouse_Chetwode
recruit_character = RAJ_Thomas_Wynford_Rees
recruit_character = RAJ_Hastings_Ismay
recruit_character = RAJ_Geoffrey_Scoones
recruit_character = RAJ_Walter_Lentaigne
recruit_character = RAJ_Noel_Beresford_Peirse
recruit_character = RAJ_Frank_Messervy
recruit_character = RAJ_Douglas_Gracey
recruit_character = RAJ_Herbert_Fitzherbert
recruit_character = RAJ_John_Henry_Godfrey
recruit_character = RAJ_Montagu_Stopford
recruit_character = RAJ_Vengalil_Krishnan_Krishna_Menon
recruit_character = RAJ_Minoo_Masani
recruit_character = RAJ_Sikandar_Hayat_Khan
recruit_character = RAJ_Huseyn_Shaheed_Suhrawardy
recruit_character = RAJ_Tej_Bahadur_Sapru
recruit_character = RAJ_Khizar_Hayat_Tiwana
recruit_character = RAJ_Atul_Chandra_Chatterjee
recruit_character = RAJ_Kanhaiyalal_Maneklal_Munshi
recruit_character = RAJ_Alfred_Knox
recruit_character = RAJ_Balasaheb_Gangadhar_Kher
recruit_character = RAJ_Ramaswami_Iyer
recruit_character = RAJ_Khengarji_III_Sawai_Bahadur
recruit_character = RAJ_Pratap_Singh_Rao_Gaekwad

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = RAJ_Sikandar_Hayat_Khan_hog_ade
activate_advisor = RAJ_Khizar_Hayat_Tiwana_for_sco
activate_advisor = RAJ_Alfred_Knox_eco_ade
activate_advisor = RAJ_Pratap_Singh_Rao_Gaekwad_sec_ade