capital = 42
oob = "RHI"

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	radio = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	basic_fortification_tech = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe  = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			fighter1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			strategic_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			basic_naval_mines = 1
			submarine_mine_laying = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			panzerschiffe = 1
			pre_dreadnoughts = 1
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
			sonar = 1
			basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			basic_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			basic_battleship = 1
			early_battlecruiser = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
    improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	  basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
			improved_light_tank = 1
			basic_heavy_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

set_cosmetic_tag = RHI_mandate

set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.25

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 7
  collectivist = 8
  libertarian_socialist = 4
  social_democrat = 16
  social_liberal = 6
  market_liberal = 9
  social_conservative = 21
  authoritarian_democrat = 5
  paternal_autocrat = 3
  national_populist = 9
  valkist = 12
}

add_ideas = {
	RHI_french_reparations
	RHI_rhenish_disarment
	RHI_political_powderkeg
	RHI_rhenish_schutztruppen
	disarmed_nation
	GEN_entente_member
	colonial_government
}

country_lock_all_division_template = yes
set_country_flag = cannot_produce_armor
set_country_flag = cannot_produce_aircraft

# events
country_event = { id = rhein.0 days = 30 } # Starting event
country_event = { id = rhein.1 days = 45 random_days = 100 }
country_event = { id = rhein.6 days = 180 random_days = 60 } # rhenish broadcasting

recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Tirard
recruit_character = RHI_Josef_Grohe
recruit_character = RHI_Fritz_Schulte
recruit_character = RHI_Oscar_Meyer
recruit_character = RHI_Heinrich_Janson
recruit_character = RHI_Albert_Leo_Schlageter
recruit_character = RHI_Republican_Council
recruit_character = RHI_Gerhard_Wartenberg
recruit_character = RHI_August_Siemsen
recruit_character = RHI_Josef_Friedrich_Matthes
recruit_character = RHI_Ernst_Buschmann 
recruit_character = RHI_Otto_Niebergall 
recruit_character = RHI_Georg_Kunz 
recruit_character = RHI_Theodor_Neubauer 
recruit_character = RHI_Konrad_Skrentny 
recruit_character = RHI_Helene_Overlach 
recruit_character = RHI_Fritz_Henssler 
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_von_Metzen
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_Josef_Smeets
recruit_character = RHI_Emil_Kirschmann 
recruit_character = RHI_Rudolf_Hilferding 
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Bockler 
recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Gerlach 
recruit_character = RHI_Josef_Winschuh 
recruit_character = RHI_Julius_Curtius 
recruit_character = RHI_Ernst_Trendelenburg 
recruit_character = RHI_Ernst_Lemmer 
recruit_character = RHI_Hermann_Klamt
recruit_character = RHI_Frank_Glatzel
recruit_character = RHI_Erich_von_Gilsa
recruit_character = RHI_Adolf_Hueck
recruit_character = RHI_Otto_Thiel
recruit_character = RHI_Josef_Schmitz_Epper 
recruit_character = RHI_Werner_von_Rheinbaben
recruit_character = RHI_Johann_von_Stein 
recruit_character = RHI_Albert_Vogler 
recruit_character = RHI_Heinz_Orbis 
recruit_character = RHI_Ludwig_Kaas 
recruit_character = RHI_Joseph_Wirth 
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_Boden 
recruit_character = RHI_Heinrich_Imbusch
recruit_character = RHI_Robert_Pferdmenges 
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_Geueke 
recruit_character = RHI_Jean_Schwarz
recruit_character = RHI_Horst_von_Restorff 
recruit_character = RHI_Hermann_Klingspor
recruit_character = RHI_Eduard_Dingeldey 
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Fuchs 
recruit_character = RHI_Herbert_von_Bose 
recruit_character = RHI_Hermann_von_Luninck
recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Valot
recruit_character = RHI_William_Seeds
recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Lejeune_Jung 
recruit_character = RHI_Edmond_Estaing
recruit_character = RHI_Ferdinand_von_Bredow
recruit_character = RHI_Eugen_Ott
recruit_character = RHI_Gunter_d_Alquen
recruit_character = RHI_Albert_Krebs
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_Six
recruit_character = RHI_Joseph_Berchtold
recruit_character = RHI_Charles_Mangin
recruit_character = RHI_Kurt_von_Schleicher
recruit_character = RHI_Joseph_Louis_Andlauer 
recruit_character = RHI_Kurt_von_Hammerstein_Equord
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Adam_Dorten
recruit_character = RHI_Konrad_Adenauer
recruit_character = RHI_Rene_Altmayer
recruit_character = RHI_Eugene_Mittelhauser
recruit_character = RHI_Louis_Theodore_Kleinmann
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_Adam
recruit_character = RHI_Viktor_von_Schwedler
recruit_character = RHI_Curt_Liebmann
recruit_character = RHI_Hermann_Foertsch
recruit_character = RHI_Friedrich_von_Boetticher
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_von_Roques
recruit_character = RHI_Erich_Marcks
recruit_character = RHI_Theodor_Groppe
recruit_character = RHI_Max_Fremerey
recruit_character = RHI_Heinrich_von_Vietinghoff
recruit_character = RHI_Gerhard_von_Schwerin
recruit_character = RHI_Smilo_Freiher_von_Luttwitz
recruit_character = RHI_Magnus_Heimannsberg
recruit_character = RHI_Julius_Marx
recruit_character = RHI_Peter_Rang
recruit_character = RHI_Nikolaus_Hector
recruit_character = RHI_Emil_Guthardt
recruit_character = RHI_Carl_Leidner
recruit_character = RHI_Erich_von_Bonin
recruit_character = RHI_Hellmuth_Heye
recruit_character = RHI_Werner_Junck
recruit_character = RHI_Theo_Osterkamp
recruit_character = RHI_Werner_Molders
recruit_character = RHI_Fritz_Opel
recruit_character = RHI_Fritz_Strassmann
recruit_character = RHI_Carl_Spiecker
recruit_character = RHI_Hartmann_von_Richthofen
recruit_character = RHI_August_Weber
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_Sollmann
recruit_character = RHI_Karl_Jarres
recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Silverberg

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = RHI_Paul_Valot_hog_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_William_Seeds_for_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_Edmond_Estaing_eco_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_Charles_Mangin_sec_pau

RHI_Fritz_Henssler = { retire = yes }
RHI_Josef_Winschuh = { retire = yes }
RHI_Hermann_Klingspor = { retire = yes }
RHI_Werner_von_Rheinbaben = { retire = yes }
RHI_Frank_Glatzel = { retire = yes }
RHI_Erich_von_Gilsa = { retire = yes }
RHI_Heinrich_Imbusch = { retire = yes }
RHI_Adolf_Hueck = { retire = yes }
RHI_Otto_Thiel = { retire = yes }
RHI_Hans_Bockler = { retire = yes }
RHI_Wilhelm_Boden = { retire = yes }
RHI_Jean_Schwarz = { retire = yes }
RHI_Hans_Fuchs = { retire = yes }
RHI_Horst_von_Restorff = { retire = yes }
RHI_Herbert_von_Bose = { retire = yes }
RHI_Hermann_von_Luninck = { retire = yes }
RHI_Paul_Lejeune_Jung = { retire = yes }
RHI_Joseph_Louis_Andlauer = { retire = yes }
RHI_Otto_Niebergall = { retire = yes }
RHI_Georg_Kunz = { retire = yes }
RHI_Ferdinand_von_Bredow = { retire = yes }
RHI_Eugen_Ott = { retire = yes }

RHI_Kurt_von_Hammerstein_Equord = { retire = yes }
RHI_Wilhelm_Adam = { retire = yes }
RHI_Erich_Marcks = { retire = yes }
RHI_Franz_von_Roques = { retire = yes }
RHI_Theodor_Groppe = { retire = yes }
RHI_Eugene_Mittelhauser = { retire = yes }
RHI_Rene_Altmayer = { retire = yes }

RHI_Magnus_Heimannsberg = { retire = yes }
RHI_Heinrich_von_Vietinghoff = { retire = yes }
RHI_Gerhard_von_Schwerin = { retire = yes }
RHI_Smilo_Freiher_von_Luttwitz = { retire = yes }
RHI_Max_Fremerey = { retire = yes }

RHI_Julius_Marx = { retire = yes }
RHI_Peter_Rang = { retire = yes }
RHI_Nikolaus_Hector = { retire = yes }
RHI_Emil_Guthardt = { retire = yes }
RHI_Carl_Leidner = { retire = yes }