capital = 58
oob = "SHO"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.29
set_war_support = 0.25

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc_bba = yes }
	set_air_oob = "SHO_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SHO_air_legacy"
	}
}


DEN = {
	puppet = PREV
}

give_military_access = ENG
set_cosmetic_tag = SHO_Kiel
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	vanguardist = 15
	collectivist = 13
	libertarian_socialist = 0
	social_democrat = 6
	social_liberal = 8
	market_liberal = 1
	social_conservative = 10
	authoritarian_democrat = 4
	paternal_autocrat = 28
	national_populist = 15
	valkist = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	SHO_anglo_danish_reliance
	SHO_nazbol_gang
	one_party_dictatorship
}

add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 2 }

country_event = { id = kiel.1 days = 28 }
country_event = { id = kiel.2 days = 33 } #
country_event = { id = kiel.14 days = 38 } # Funeral 
country_event = { id = kiel.15 days = 128 } # Farmer Strike

recruit_character = SHO_Emil_Koster
recruit_character = SHO_Anton_Schifferer
recruit_character = SHO_Hinrich_Lohse
recruit_character = SHO_Wilhelm_Pieck
recruit_character = SHO_Kiel_Commission
recruit_character = SHO_Heinrich_Brandler
recruit_character = SHO_Heinrich_Laufenberg
recruit_character = SHO_Wilhelm_Hamkens
recruit_character = SHO_Gottfried_Treviranus
recruit_character = SHO_Ferdinand_Noeldechen
recruit_character = SHO_Wilhelm_Friedrich
recruit_character = SHO_Otto_Eggerstedt
recruit_character = SHO_Arvid_Harnack
recruit_character = SHO_Walter_Kuchenmeister
recruit_character = SHO_Jupp_Hoven
recruit_character = SHO_Fritz_Wolffheim
recruit_character = SHO_Hugo_Eberlein
recruit_character = SHO_Max_Maddalena
recruit_character = SHO_Fritz_Grose
recruit_character = SHO_Christian_Heuck
recruit_character = SHO_Willi_Munzenberg
recruit_character = SHO_August_Thalheimer
recruit_character = SHO_Paul_Frolich 
recruit_character = SHO_Theo_Hespers
recruit_character =	SHO_Theodor_Werner
recruit_character =	SHO_Max_Richter
recruit_character =	SHO_Gerhart_Seger
recruit_character =	SHO_Louis_Biester
recruit_character = SHO_Gustav_Stolper
recruit_character = SHO_Karl_Hepp
recruit_character = SHO_Johannes_Bull
recruit_character = SHO_Hans_Erdmann_Lindeiner
recruit_character = SHO_Walther_Lambach
recruit_character = SHO_Otto_Hoetzsch
recruit_character = SHO_Walter_von_Keudell
recruit_character = SHO_Ernst_Oberfohren
recruit_character = SHO_Franz_Baselli
recruit_character = SHO_Heinrich_Gerns
recruit_character = SHO_Otto_Schmidt_Hannover
recruit_character = SHO_Claus_Heim
recruit_character = SHO_Erwin_Baum
recruit_character = SHO_Martin_Schiele
recruit_character = SHO_Bodo_Uhse
recruit_character = SHO_Heinrich_Thon
recruit_character = SHO_Emil_Lueken
recruit_character = SHO_Bernhard_Harms
recruit_character = SHO_Helmer_Rosting
recruit_character = SHO_Max_Soth
recruit_character = SHO_Hans_Beimler
recruit_character = SHO_Ludwig_Renn
recruit_character = SHO_Otto_Braun
recruit_character = SHO_Wilhelm_Zaisser 
recruit_character = SHO_Hans_Kahle
recruit_character = SHO_Artur_Koenig
recruit_character = SHO_Hans_Marchwitza
recruit_character = SHO_Arthur_Ernest_Ewert
recruit_character = SHO_Heinrich_Rau
recruit_character = SHO_Willi_Bredel
recruit_character = SHO_Willy_Leow
recruit_character = SHO_Albert_Schreiner
recruit_character = SHO_Erich_von_dem_Bussche
recruit_character = SHO_Wilhelm_Ulex
recruit_character = SHO_Erich_Dethleffsen
recruit_character = SHO_Friedrich_Wiese
recruit_character = SHO_Walter_Brockdorff_Ahlefeldt
recruit_character = SHO_Erich_Ludke
recruit_character = SHO_Ernst_Hintzmann
recruit_character = SHO_Carl_Alfred_Schumacher
recruit_character = SHO_Walter_Hagen
recruit_character = SHO_Ludwig_Wolff
recruit_character = SHO_Voldemar_Roze
recruit_character = SHO_Julius_Leber
recruit_character = SHO_Carl_Schroter
recruit_character = SHO_Rudolf_Amelunxun
recruit_character = SHO_Eugen_Schiffer
recruit_character = SHO_Louise_Schroeder




activate_advisor = SHO_Emil_Lueken_hog_mli
activate_advisor = SHO_Bernhard_Harms_eco_mli
activate_advisor = SHO_Helmer_Rosting_for_ade
activate_advisor = SHO_Heinrich_Thon_sec_ade

SHO_Hans_Beimler = { retire = yes }
SHO_Ludwig_Renn = { retire = yes }
SHO_Otto_Braun = { retire = yes }
SHO_Wilhelm_Zaisser = { retire = yes }
SHO_Hans_Kahle = { retire = yes }
SHO_Artur_Koenig = { retire = yes }
SHO_Hans_Marchwitza = { retire = yes }
SHO_Arthur_Ernest_Ewert = { retire = yes }
SHO_Heinrich_Rau = { retire = yes }
SHO_Willi_Bredel = { retire = yes }
SHO_Willy_Leow = { retire = yes }
SHO_Albert_Schreiner = { retire = yes }
SHO_Erich_Dethleffsen = { retire = yes }
SHO_Friedrich_Wiese = { retire = yes }
SHO_Walter_Hagen = { retire = yes }
SHO_Voldemar_Roze = { retire = yes }
